## 02. OO is not everything
#### Having everything inside a class is a mistake
It\`s about how we want to organize our code. With Java, you have no choice other than using class. Even though there is package visiblity, you still need a class with package visiblity first. This is too restrictive when compared to most of other programming languages.

With Java, the best choice you can make is to nest related classes into one outer class. This is doable, but hardly desired.

It is much better if you can just put related logic in one file, finish your implemetation and expose your public API, where functions, variables and classes are all first-class citizens.

Why the heck a hello world program has to be inside a class?

#### We need the flexibility to use non-OO constructs, especially when taking visibility into consideration
For example, it may be desired to expose your public API as interfaces/classes, but internally one should be allowed to use all kinds of constructs for implementation. Constants and utility functions at module level are not uncommon.

#### There is cost to manage files, and it increases when the number of file grows
Source code files are not written strictly in a one after another fasion. It is a common need to switch between different files both when editing and browsing.

Personally I found it extremely annoying having to switch among a bunch of files to find the location I would like to edit, even when equiped with handy shortcut provided by IDE.







